Don't pet a burning dog, it's not a hot new trend.
If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
Never trust a mirror; it’s always reflecting on you.
Always remember that you're unique, just like everyone else.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving is not for you.
When in doubt, mumble.
Remember to look both ways before crossing a woman.
Smile – it's the second best thing you can do with your lips.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Avoid negative people, unless you have plenty of bandwidth.
Life is short; smile while you still have teeth.
Never argue with an idiot; they drag you down to their level, then beat you with experience.
Keep the dream alive: hit the snooze button.
Insanity is hereditary – you get it from your kids.
Borrow money from a pessimist – they don’t expect it back.
Plan to be spontaneous tomorrow.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving is definitely not for you.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
If at first you do succeed, try not to look too astonished.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Everybody makes mistakes, that's why they put erasers on pencils.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
When life gives you lemons, squeeze them in someone's eye.
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Time is what keeps everything from happening at once.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed of checks.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and leaky tire.
There are two rules for success: 1) Never tell everything you know.
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you’ve never tried before.
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
If you can’t live without me, why aren’t you dead already?
Everyone has a photographic memory, some just don't have film.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.